it is done drink Andrews been that far
he's been a real food baptism but it was
baptized last century he's gonna go to
the water and I'm gonna like him
excellent handle lord this your servant
angry with your heavenly grace he may
continue yours forever daily increase in
your Holy Spirit more and more until he
comes here at elasti kingdom amen
okay is it i baptize you in the name of
the Father and of the Son and the Holy
Spirit amen we welcome you into the
congregation of Christchurch I sign you
with a sign of the Cross might not be
ashamed to confess the faith of Christ
crucified the fund bravely under his
banner against the world the first of it
continuous price faithful servant easier
you're heavier grace she may continue
yours forever daily increasing your Holy
Spirit more and more until she
durable lasting kingdom
now you
like that ties you in the name of the
Father and of the Son and of the Holy
Spirit I mean we welcome you into the
congregation of Christ Church I sign you
the side of the Cross may not be ashamed
to confess the faith of Christ crucified
to fight bravely under his banner
against the world the flesh and the
devil continuous price faithful and true
servant into your lives in hendo nor
this your servant ality your heavenly
grace she may continue yours forever
daily increase in your Holy Spirit more
inward until she comes to your
everlasting Kingdom Peter it's ran out